hello my name is jens wohlers from
forest edge in Germany and I may
give them the newly introduced t4 today
We have this machine in the shop
november last year introduced to
currently the series production runs on
full tours
to start the tsv we catch
in the front
we have in front of work with
We have a capacity of 51 tons
output
the front axle is supported by
a pneumatic suspension it always
as standard integrated in machines for
front axle is also to say we have
very strong turning angle
we generally have a machine with us
a very long wheelbase but this one
stop angle from the front axle
gives the machine a tremendous
maneuverability
we have the capacity of five meters 25
we have four motors from ratti in the forest
battery power
we have two different engines
sizes in the offer
6.6 liters of engines and 7.4 liters of engines
the ps classes that we class in this model
Approach ranges from 150 ps to 255
we have the engine to the newest
exhaust level brought on deep fine and
that alone with et 04 disposal otherwise
No external filtering via any filter technology
exhaust gas recirculation can this
particulate filter only now we use
now the machine is natural for the
Farmers have been developed
Of course, the cabin is closed
but also see the
Service-friendliness of the machines
they get to all service points
easy to see for example here in front
Take the hydraulic oil with you every time
it is to be seen we have two
separate households for hydraulics and
gearbox also at the rear of the
Machine is a sight glass where you can find that
gear oil can look down the machine
is completely new that means also the
Cabin is new the driver is with us
Of course the center of attention is the cabin
got around the bike around it
developed valtra cabins are
tend to have always been big
that we also carry with this series
also the noise pollution is very high
we have cabins under the 70
decibel
we have three stages
easy access to the driver's seat also the
ride comfort has been significantly improved
we have padded as standard
passenger seats also cool boxes where
fit in one and a half liter bottles
So we can get enough quantities
take along which we can cool well
also shelves are created
been
Of course, the overview is also
has been significantly improved
we have big disc surfaces
arched slices so we one
optimal overview course in front
construction area but ultimately has the
Machine over a 55 east cabins
concept to the right we have
No annoying posts anywhere
View restricts ball tractors
stands out among other things by the
function from that we always standard
we have a revolving seat
us easily with a valtra
Tractors turn with a slip
we can order and so on back
the work tools are working well
even the armrest all
control units panning with the
driver has space the cabin is in her
dimensions grown by 20 cm wider
become
we have new pairs at valtra
principles integrated in just one
lugs drag
they see it here on the verso we
now have a vehicle or a
Joystick integrated in the vehicle with what
the machine can be controlled
Here also they switch las
and so on
automatic switching activates others
control units the hydraulics of
Hydraulic joystick are very good
Ergonomically prepared so that the driver
always full control over the
Machine also retains the far sides
console is placed so that it constantly
to reach are the important ones
functions lie ahead like four-wheel
differential settings
tends to be a bit further back
In addition, the machine has now
about many possibilities of the
electricity connection we have innumerable
three-pin sockets bipolar
sockets also in the front
Vehicle area are such
there are possibilities and we have one
completely new cabin that means
of course, a canopy here
we have a roof window
integrated that is installable that is
made of polycarbonate so safety tested
the material especially good overview
some frontal work
functions have remained tried and tested the
steering wheel fixing the walls
but last but not least was cabin
completely revised also new
we have processed materials
for example, a higher value
achieved bright materials used
so that the driver always feels comfortable
and the comfort improvement of the cabin
For example, we have air springs
cabins mechanical cabin suspension systems
We always have the high level of comfort
through the movement system hinbekommen
also the service point in the cabin
we have improved
for example, the fuse above
for the machine interior and exterior
a machine providing collateral for the
machines outside we come now to
Technique box on the tractor most useful
be part of every country
She is lockable at the same time
You can dust dust
protected
you can see it here in the interior many
integration
we have a warning triangle here
integrated the highlighted half finds
yourself here
we have a removable one
a toolbox let remain free
bin where a second tool box
could be taken the battery
with her poles forward and one
fuse box for the outside
the machine was secured at the rear
completely revised
we have a new footwear that
walter has a maximum lifting capacity of 95 tons
typical is the high excavation height of the
gravel work on the complete geometry
has changed
the ludwig's wave has gotten bigger
so even more burden
you can see that, too
connections the hydraulic connections
At most we have five hydraulic valves
in the back plus a black and white valve what
would for the hydraulic upper
can use without us no
problem all proportional valve here
get lost
all are arranged on one side
The power socket is also still down
down the easy access hiked
walter is also typical of this
Of course the air connection is small
detail but of great practicality
use it for more information
Of course we are happy to help
For one thing , they can be ours
Report your trading partner
in the field of distribution among others
But they also inform on the
homepage www
alter.de will give you detailed
Information on all models too
the other models of waldrach
Many Thanks